# QrCode二维码生成器

## 1、命令行使用
	qr "Text" > test.png
	
## 2、简单的二维码
	import qrcode
	img = qrcode.make('Text')
	img.save("fpath")

## 3、定制其它属性
	from qrcode.constants import ERROR_CORRECT_L
	qr = qrcode.QRCode(version=1, box_size=10, border=4, error_correction=ERROR_CORRECT_L)
	qr.add_data('Text')
	qr.make(fit=True)
	img = qr.make_image(fill_color="black", back_color="white")
	
	#version: an integer from 1 to 40 that controls the size of the QR Code (the smallest, version 1, is a 21x21 matrix). Set to None and use the fit parameter when making the code to determine this automatically.
	#box_size: how many pixels each “box” of the QR code is.
	#border: how many boxes thick the border should be (the default is 4, which is the minimum according to the specs).
	#error_correction: the error correction used for the QR Code:ERROR_CORRECT_L:About 7% or less;ERROR_CORRECT_M (default):About 15% or less;ERROR_CORRECT_Q:About 25% or less;ERROR_CORRECT_H:About 30% or less.
	
	#fill_color: the background color of the QR
	#back_color: the background color of the QR
## 4、二维码添加图片
	img = img.convert("RGBA")
	icon = Image.open("D:/favicon.jpg")
	icon = icon.convert("RGBA")
	img.paste(im=icon,box=(x,y),mask=icon)
	
	#im: Source image or pixel value (integer or tuple)
	#box: An optional 4-tuple giving the region to paste into.
   If a 2-tuple is used instead, it's treated as the upper left
   corner.  If omitted or None, the source is pasted into the
   upper left corner.
   #mask: An optional mask image.